README File for MGR-SYSTEM

** Today List **
  
  Do not set the password in any form into the session, please remove
  Check to see if the use has an active account
  You are not updating the "last login" time stamp use set lastLogin = now()
  You are not updating the access log table
  
  we need to make a page table, this is simple, we will have 2 things in it, (also for page counters) pageID, filename, counter
  pageID is autoint, filename is the file that just got requested. (IE index.php), and counter = counter + 1
  this gives a counter for each page.
  to do this, first check to see if a entry is in there for the file name, if not then enter one, if so update the counter
  
  this should be a public function, as it will be called everytime we call the class.
  
  for userlevel, dont return it in the session, make a public class to get it based on current logged in user, and have it as a return value.
  
  also I we will be using this class with ajax, I'm thinking with parts of the user level system, so study up on ajax. I can really help on this one if you need help.
  
  
  I have a good database class build its under the classes directory, I would like to use it. (if I was to recode it there will be nothing I would redo in it I will keep it the same)
  
  
  I really want to add "active user" table were we record who is active in the table, we will update it with every page and database should
  look like,   userID, IP, pageID, timeStamp
  
  everytime that user does something we update there entry.
  
  When they logout we delete there entry. (before you ask, why if they don't logout but just close the bowser), for we will have a heartbeat
  system that I will build using ajax, that will do the deleting of that table, if heartbeat stops delete entry and logout user.
  heartbeat stops if user leaves the website.
  
  We also need a registor page build, I can do this, but you need to build that funtions into the login class, we should not
  have 2 functions for this, (like most stupid sites have), one page is good enought, because right after they login we need to
  send them though the login process.
  
  we need to add a "access level" or "user level" to the system, because we will have pages that lower members can not access
  
